Simplify guidance for forwarders (#14)
ietf-wg-add/draft-ietf-add-ddr: draft-ietf-add-ddr.md

## Caching Forwarders

> A DNS forwarder SHOULD NOT forward queries for "resolver.arpa" upstream. This is
> to prevent the client from receiving an SVCB record it will fail to authenticate
> because the forwarder's IP address is not in the upstream resolver's Designated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DNS forwarder SHOULD NOT forward queries for "resolver.arpa" upstream. This
prevents a client from receiving an SVCB record that will fail to authenticate
because the forwarder's IP address is not in the upstream resolver's Designated
```

Resolver's TLS certificate SAN field. A DNS forwarder which already acts as a

> comletely blind forwarder MAY choose to forward these queries when the operator

Reviewer 2: completely

Author: Thank you!
